Updates step package migration documentation (#53)
OctopusDeploy/Architecture: Steps/Concepts/Versioning.md

- Server will be able to determine what steps it might support.

## Examples

Different versions of Step Packages. For example, we ship `step-package-azurestorage.1.0.0`. We then make a change to the set of inputs such that it is no longer runtime compatible with existing steps that have been configured in deployment and runbook process, and ship a new version, `step-package-azurestorage.2.0.0`. We need to migrate the set of inputs stored against those steps in our deployment and runbook processes, so that the they can be configured and executed using `step-package-azurestorage.2.0.0`.

We have multiple versions of the same Step Package that we want to expose to users, so that users can pick which one they want to use. For example, we might have `terraform-1.13.0` which only works with the `0.13.x` versions of terraform. If a user wants to target terraform version `0.14.x`, they would need to upgrade their step to `terraform-1.14.0`. We could also implement this through configuration alone, so that there is a single step that supports multiple versions of terraform with a version selector at the top.

> We have a step like `step-package-azurestorage.1.0.0` which is compiled against `step-ui-api.1.0.0`. We then make a breaking change to the `step-ui-api` and release a new version `step-ui-api.2.0.0`./and update our framework in portal as well, so that `step-package-azurestorage.1.0.0` is no longer directly compatible with portal. We can either upgrade the `step-ui-api` dependency and release a new version of our step (say `step-package-azurestorage.2.0.0`) to make it compatible and deprecate the old step somehow, or we could have a compatibility shim in portal so that portal can support steps compiled against both `step-ui-api.1.0.0` and `step-ui-api.2.0.0`.

Reviewer: Was the `./` expected here?

Author: ```suggestion
We have a step like `step-package-azurestorage.1.0.0` which is compiled against `step-ui-api.1.0.0`. We then make a breaking change to the `step-ui-api` and release a new version `step-ui-api.2.0.0` and update our framework in portal as well, so that `step-package-azurestorage.1.0.0` is no longer directly compatible with portal. We can either upgrade the `step-ui-api` dependency and release a new version of our step (say `step-package-azurestorage.2.0.0`) to make it compatible and deprecate the old step somehow, or we could have a compatibility shim in portal so that portal can support steps compiled against both `step-ui-api.1.0.0` and `step-ui-api.2.0.0`.
```

# Versioning

A Step Package is a versioned component. It's version is recorded within the `Version` field of its `metadata.json` file. The version will follow [SemVer 2.0.0](https://semver.org/)-like versioning semantics.

Over time, we may make changes to a Step Package, and increase the version number accordingly.

Why _semver-like_? Patch and minor increment semantics will be exactly the same, but major increments are slightly different. For Step Packages, a major version increment will be required it changes in a way that requires user intervention for it to function correctly - this may be adding new information, or changing existing information.

**Minor Version Increments:** Within Server, we will automatically retrieve the _latest version_ of the same major version a step was created with when working within any of the steps components - UI, validator, executor, etc. This means for all backwards-compatible feature additions and bug fixes, users will recieve these benefits immediately in their existing processes, without having to update anything.

> **Major Version Increments:** For major version increments, a user will need to opt-in to them. There will be a version selector presented on the step UI if a newer version is available. If it is, and the user selects the next version, the step will be upgraded to the selected version

Reviewer: It says we will show a version selector to the user, but in the typical upgrade path we won't show a version selector, it'll just be a button, this could potentially change to reflect that.

Author: Sure, I could probably make this more generic - it doesn't really matter what the UI is.

Author: ```suggestion
**Major Version Increments:** For major version increments, a user will need to opt-in to them. There will be a visual indication presented on the step UI if a newer version is available. If it is, and the user opts into the next version available, the step will be upgraded to the newer version
```
